License information

================================================================================
FtcDriverStation, FtcRobotController, FtcCommon, Hardware, and RobotCore have
the following license:

Copyright (c) 2014, 2015 Qualcomm Technologies Inc

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted (subject to the limitations in the disclaimer below) provided that
the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer.

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.

Neither the name of Qualcomm Technologies Inc nor the names of its contributors
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission.

Qualcomm Technologies Inc., will periodically collect anonymous information
about the device this software is installed on such as the make, model, and
software versions, but no information that identifies you.

NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED LICENSES TO ANY PARTY'S PATENT RIGHTS ARE GRANTED BY THIS
LICENSE. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Copyright (c) 2014, 2015 Qualcomm Technologies Inc

================================================================================
ModernRobotics, Analitics, and WirelessP2p have the following license:

Copyright (c) 2014, 2015 Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. All rights reserved.
Confidential & Proprietary - Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. ("QTI")

The party receiving this software directly from QTI (the "Recipient") may use
this software as reasonably necessary solely for the purposes set forth in the
agreement between the Recipient and QTI (the "Agreement"). The software may be
used in source code form solely by the Recipient's employees (if any) authorized
by the Agreement. Unless expressly authorized in the Agreement, the Recipient
may not sublicense, assign, transfer or otherwise provide the source code to any
third party. Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. retains all ownership rights in and to
the software

Qualcomm Technologies Inc., will periodically collect anonymous information
about the device this software is installed on such as the make, model, and
software versions, but no information that identifies you.

This notice supersedes any other QTI notices contained within the software
except copyright notices indicating different years of publication for different
portions of the software. This notice does not supersede the application of any
third party copyright notice to that third party's code

